# 1
Sale: Euro-Bank sold branch offices in the USA which offered services like client advisory. management of bank accounts and investments. Some of these services were replaced by online banking.Numerous advisory services were outsourced in order to release resources for the PBC division. Restructuring: Costs could be decreased by restructuring measures or the dismissal of employees.The return on net assets could be increased by a rearrangement of the risk assets and a share buyback. Acquisitions: To provide private clients with a more individual advisory service.Euro-Bank acquired the Engish private bank BestConsult which is a leader in this sector and has a wide range of experience in investments for private clients. Q:The return on equity as a result of the restructuring could only be increased through a share buyback.

销售: 欧洲银行在美国设有分行，提供客户咨询等服务。银行帐户和投资的管理。其中一些服务被网上银行所取代。许多咨询服务被外包，以便为建设和平委员会司腾出资源。重组: 可以通过重组措施或解雇雇员来降低成本。通过重新安排风险资产和股票回购，可以提高净资产收益率。收购: 为私人客户提供更加个性化的咨询服务。欧洲银行收购了英国私人银行 BestConsult，BestConsult 是这一领域的领导者，在为私人客户投资方面拥有广泛的经验。问: 重组后的股本回报率只能通过股票回购来提高。

only错误

# 2
a) Barry and Sue were excited. They had b) been planning their trip into c) America for months, and finally they d) were leaving. They packed their suitcases e) into their car the night before, and at f) 6 A.M. the next morning, they left. Their g) holiday would last five weeks. Which line in the paragraph above contains an error?

用过去完成时They had b) been planned their trip

# 3
In the USA cosmetics for young girls and women are offered, in Australia, Japan, Singapore and Brazil cosmetics tend to be offered for older women. Clean & Wash:In addition to Europe, USA and Asia laundry detergents are also offered in Australia, as are cleaning agents.In some countnes where Evergreen Ltd. offers cleaning agents, it also offers washing up liquid. Glue& Hold: The regional focal areas are Europe, Asia, North and south America. The adhesives which are manufactured inre intended for trade and construction. Regional focal areas:in Europe, particularly in Germany. Evergreen Ltd.has a strong position in all company areas.If one takes the number of employees into consideration as a criteria, then the most important subsidiary of Evergreen Ltd.is that of Frankfurt. Q:Because laundry detergent is offered in Asia,Evergreen ltd,also increasingly offers washing up liquid there.
```
cosmetics n. 化妆品、装饰品
laundry detergents 洗衣粉；洗衣液
laundry n. 洗衣店、洗衣房
detergents n. 清洁剂
cleaning agents 清洗剂
washing up liquid 洗洁精
take the number of employess into consideration as a criteria 把员工人数作为衡量标准考虑进去
```

# 4
When your body is exposed to cold weather, it is important to be familiar with what can happen when precautions are not taken to keep warm. The stages someone experiences with frostbite closely resemble the stages of a burn. The characteristics of frostbite can indicate the stage of the condition: frostnip, superficial frostbite, and deep frostbite. The first stage of frostbite is called frostnip. It is an early condition of frostbite and is not technically even considered frostbite. It is usually found in different places on the head (nose, ears, cheeks) and can be characterised by a white, waxy-looking patch of skin. This patch of skin will eventually become red in colour and the person will experience pain or discomfort. Some relate it to a burning sensation and it may lead to blistering. Frostnip usually occurs in extreme cold temperatures where there is a significant wind chill and may only take a few minutes of exposure to set in. If you suspect frostnip, warm the affected area immediately (put fingers under warm water or even in a warm part of the body such as armpits). If this is caught early on, you can expect full recovery. The second stage is called superficial frostbite. At this stage, the skin will appear stark white and bloodless but will still be soft to the touch. The white colour indicates that the tissue under the skin has started to freeze. After I to 2 days of exposure, you will start to see large blisters appear, which will eventually become a dense, black scar called eschar. Once the frostbite reaches this stage, it usually takes a few weeks before the eschar is replaced by new skin. The final stage is called deep frostbite and is considered a serious (and rare) condition requiring immediate medical attention. The skin will turn a deep red or purple colour because the tissue underneath will be completely frozen. In addition, the skin will be cold to the touch and the person will lose feeling in the affected area. This condition leads to deep tissue damage and could result in amputation. Referring to the above, which one of the following is a result of deep frostbite?
```
The characteristics of frostbite can indicate the stage of the condition: frostnip, superficial frostbite, and deep frostbite.
三个冰伤阶段：冻伤，浅表冻伤，深度冻伤
提问哪一个是深度冻伤的结果
The final stage is called deep frostbite and is considered a serious (and rare) condition requiring immediate medical attention. The skin will turn a deep red or purple colour because the tissue underneath will be completely frozen. 
```

# 5
```
abate v.减轻；缓和；减少；减(价)
conduct their business 开展业务
devise 设计；制定；创造；发明
ample scope 足够的范围
```

# 6
Food products containing chocolate are subject to a _A_ of up to 35 percent when imported to Japan.
```
tariff 关税
test
souvenir 纪念品
shipment 货运
```

# 7
My employer demands that his staff (should) be punctual and polite.

demand that 后面应该用(should) do

# 8
The Miss America Organisation is the sponsor of the Miss America Pageant, a beauty and talent contest. The contest is the longest-running source of scholarships for American women. Since 1921, the primary purpose of the contest has been awarding money and prizes to young women in America to further their education. The first Miss America was Margaret Brown, a resident of Washington, D.C. Based in New Jersey, the contest was originally a "bathing beauty" competition and was always held on the boardwalk in Atlantic City. In 1959, the organisation added the talent portion to the competition. Today, the organisation has franchises in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. There are over 80,000 contestants each year who are collectively awarded more than $29 million dollars. They are judged in the categories of talent, interview, physical fitness, and poise and personality in evening dresses. Aside from demonstrating abilities on stage, a big development in the programme in recent years has been the emphasis on volunteerism and public service. Each Miss America contestant must have a platform and must spend many hours in service to that platform as a volunteer in her community or state. upon winning a title, each new queen will have a one-year reign during which she represents her town and state as a spokesperson and a champion of her chosen cause. Based on the passage above, which one of the following best defines a "platform"?

